lib/protoparser/influx: enable batch processing by default (#7165)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/) and [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): use batch processing mode for data ingested via InfluxDB endpoints by default. Added `-influx.maxRequestSize` flag to limit about of batch size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/) and [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): disable stream processing mode for data [ingested via InfluxDB](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#how-to-send-data-from-influxdb-compatible-agents-such-as-telegraf) HTTP endpoints by default. With this change, the data is processed in batches (see `-influx.maxRequestSize`) and user can get parsing errors immediately as they happen. This also improves users' experience and resiliency against thundering herd problems caused by clients without backoff policies like telegraf. To enable stream mode back, pass `stream_mode=1` GET param with each request. For data sent via TCP and UDP (see `-influxListenAddr`) protocols streaming processing remains enabled.
```
